So in the last lecture we learned that we actually do have a component here.
However this is kind of a special component since we use it to replace everything in our controlled
day.
And in this age team will fall.
Let's simply create a new component and I'll do this in a subfolder which I'll name components here.
I will create my user view file and in that user don't view file.
I'll stick to the scheme of having a template a script section and then a style section in the template
section there's one important thing to keep in mind.
You must have one and only one root element.
So like wrapping Dave year gives us an idea of user inside of the def.
You may now have as many sibling elements as you want here.
I will say the user in a paragraph where I say my user name is and I want to output user name
so that is string interpolation being used here.
But of course we don't have any data object.
So in the script section I will export default objects.
I will export my default object so that you can imported from Alber files.
That is just exporting a javascript object and then export a javascript object.
I will now set up my data method where I return an object as you learned for components.
And here I will set username to Max.
Now that's all.
I'll also add some styles though.
I'll get the paragraph a styling where I will simply set the font style to italic to make it Welker's
of.
Now with that if we save this nothing would happen.
We have to import this user.
You fought in the file we want to use it.
That's this modular code I was referring to.
So an apt view which is the file which now will host all our other components which is our root template.
We now use.
So to say I will get rid of all the boilerplate code code to template created.
I will get rid of all the styling down there to course feel free to keep it but I don't need it.
Get rid of the style text entirely We don't need them therefore And now I want to import or add my own
component.
Now to do so.
We have two options.
We can either register our user component here in the main dot js file as it learned with view component
give it a selector app user maybe and then refer to that export to user object.
So simply import user from dot slash components user dot view and assign it like this.
Remember before we had an object here with template data and so on.
Well that's just what we're exporting here now.
An object and a template is automatically added as a template for this component.
So with that we set up a component.
We may now use in our entire app wherever we want.
Not just in the update view file but here for example we can of course also use it and it will import
AB user.
If we now had save this should automatically recompile and reload our browser and therefore we did see
it they user with my user name is Max and this is our own component being used.
Now let's have a look at option 2 and some other things and the next lecture.